### [LinkToProblem](https://www.codingame.com/playgrounds/347/javascript-promises-mastering-the-asynchronous/more-pratice-with-promises)

## Explanation:
This code defines a function `job` that takes a single argument `data` and returns a new Promise. If `data` is not a number, the Promise is rejected instantly with the value `"error"`. If `data` is an odd number, the Promise is resolved after a delay of 1 second with the value `"odd"`. If `data` is an even number, the Promise is rejected after a delay of 2 seconds with the value `"even"`. The function `job` is also exported as a module.

Here's a detailed explanation of the code:
1. The `job` function is defined and takes one argument: `data`.
2. The `job` function returns a new Promise object, created by calling the `Promise` constructor with a function argument.
3. The function passed to the `Promise` constructor takes two arguments: `res` and `rej`, which are functions used to resolve or reject the Promise, respectively.
4. Inside the function passed to the `Promise` constructor, an if-else statement is used to check the value of `data`.
5. If `data` is not a number (as determined by calling the `isNaN` function), the `rej` function is called with the argument `"error"`, which rejects the Promise with that value.
6. If `data` is an odd number (as determined by checking if the remainder of dividing `data` by 2 is not equal to 0), the `setTimeout` function is called with three arguments: the `res` function, a delay of 1000 milliseconds (1 second), and the value `"odd"`. This schedules the `res` function to be called after 1 second, passing it the value `"odd"`, which resolves the Promise with that value.
7. If `data` is an even number (as determined by checking if the remainder of dividing `data` by 2 is equal to 0), the `setTimeout` function is called with three arguments: the `rej` function, a delay of 2000 milliseconds (2 seconds), and the value `"even"`. This schedules the `rej` function to be called after 2 seconds, passing it the value `"even"`, which rejects the Promise with that value.
8. The `job` function is exported as a module using the `module.exports` syntax.

## Time and Space Complexity:
### `Time Complexity`:
The time complexity of this code is O(1) because all operations inside the `job` function take constant time.

### `Space Complexity`:
The space complexity is also O(1) because only a constant amount of additional memory is used (for the Promise object).

## Code:
```js
// Define a function named `job` that takes one argument: `data`
function job(data) {
    // Return a new Promise object
    return new Promise((res,rej) =>{
        // If `data` is not a number
        if(isNaN(data)){
            // Reject the promise instantly with the value "error"
            rej(('error'));
        }
        // If `data` is an odd number
        else if(data % 2 !== 0){
            // Call the `setTimeout` function with three arguments:
            // 1. The `res` function, which will be called after the specified delay
            // 2. The delay in milliseconds (1000)
            // 3. The value to pass to the `res` function ('odd')
            setTimeout(res,1000,'odd');
        }
        // If `data` is an even number
        else{
            // Call the `setTimeout` function with three arguments:
            // 1. The `rej` function, which will be called after the specified delay
            // 2. The delay in milliseconds (2000)
            // 3. The value to pass to the `rej` function ('even')
            setTimeout(rej,2000,'even');
        }
    })
}

// Export the `job` function as a module
module.exports = job;

```
